Add description to use as seed (#38)
eclipsesource/jsonforms-angular-material-playground: README.md

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `npm e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

> ## Use as seed
> 
> In order to use this repo as a seed you need to remove:
> - schema.json and uischema.json
> - custom.autocomplete.ts
> - lang.control.ts
> - data.control.ts
> - data.ts
> After the remove you need to cleanup the
> - store.ts (obsolete custom renderers)
> - app.module.ts (obsolete schemas)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Customizations

For this showcase we hardcoded the schemas (`schema.json`, `uischema.json`) and the data (`data.ts`). You can replace them with your own or handle them completely dynamically.

We implemented three custom controls (`custom.autocomplete.ts`, `lang.control.ts` and `data.control.ts`). If you don't need them just remove them! See also `store.ts` where these custom renderers are registered.

In `app.module.ts` we customized the validation and executed a manual resolving step before handing the schemas over to JSON Forms. These steps are optional and can be skipped if needed.
```
